content/ttthr20200213panicattack.md, before:

---
title: "Yesterday night's TT thread: Not long ago i learned what a panic attack really is. On myself."
date: 2020-02-14T02:43:13+01:00
draft: false
---

On the night from Wednesday to Thursday, 12/13 Feb 2020, at 1~2AM 13Feb, 
i posted a thread of some tweets about my learnings about my panic 
attacks triggered by human-body-workings thinking.

https://twitter.com/mikrfe/status/1227750240842698753

I copypasted most of it below, taking care of thread-forks. See the link 
above for everything — im not gonna delete, but im not feeling like 
boosting everything.

> Not long ago i learned what a panic attack really is. On myself. With 
> a knowledgeable witness to tell me what was that what i had just 
> experienced. Somehow i never would have thought that was it.
( 1:24 AM )

> I had known what triggers me for almost a decade. But i did not know 
> it can be called a panic or anxiety attack. I knew it was kind of a 
> phobia, but also thought that phobia is supposed to be more conscious 
> somehow.
( 1:29 AM )

A friend asked: <q>what does it… feel like?</q> ( 1:38 AM )

> calmness. nauseous. fear of tripping and falling. "gotta handle 
> vomiting". "maybe i should consider getting more oxygen, maybe low 
> temperature will help". "no, too cold, lets go back; also i might fall 
> over that balcony barrier." adrenaline, very good procedural thinking.
( 1:45 AM )

> "hopefully my heart will do fine."
( 1:46 AM )

**[…]**

> also i think i might have forgot to mention very rapid heart rate, 
> swooning, somehow having eyes vision allright but only being able to 
> "see" with mind the thing being focused on, not being able to lift 
> head to look at something and even then only being able to "see" 
> things low
( 2:10 AM )

> when i wanted to sit down on toilet i wanted first to put my phone and 
> miband on mirror shelf, and despite having head leveled with it and 
> having eye-horizon matched with it, i could only look below it and so i 
> was putting those there blindly
( 2:11 AM )

The friend asked: <q>what triggers it?</q> ( 2:09 AM )

> thats dangerous to talk about it but i will try to do quick<br>
> 
> everything about my body that is a support system for my brain or 
> actions (so muscles too). especially blood pressure moving oxygen and 
> stuff. adrenaline injections (dentist: 10~30s panic when i got one in 
> my palate),
( 2:13 AM )

> almost a decade ago i was supposed to have eyes dripped with athropine 
> for measurement
> 
> immediately i started seeing blurry, and then i got to vomiting and 
> fainting. an hour later i was still seeing blurry waiting for another 
> entry. and then i learned it was just physio saltwater
( 2:15 AM )

> gets funny when i ask a friend who knows a lot about human biology to 
> tell me about some specific things, and i urge them to tell me stuff 
> quickly because i feel like a time bomb despite being really curious 
> and interested in exactly that what they are telling me. same with 
> books
( 2:12 AM )

> i literally ask about stuff like, how aspirin inhibits aggregation of 
> trombocites, and urge for a very quick, many-words-per-second answer 
> because of feeling like a time-bomb. or start scrolling a web page or 
> reading book pages feverishly
( 2:25 AM )

> the friend says that it is because i am imagining how my body works 
> and realize that i am a machine, that my mind and everything is 
> supported by this very sophisticated and error-prone machine, and 
> every feeling disrupts it, and every disruption prompts a mind 
> workings disruption
( 2:27 AM )

Commit message:

the somehow part of ttthr20200213panicattack title

content/ttthr20200213panicattack.md, after:

---
title: "Yesterday night's TT thread: Not long ago i learned what a panic attack really is. On myself. […] Somehow i never would have thought that was it."
date: 2020-02-14T02:43:13+01:00
draft: false
---

On the night from Wednesday to Thursday, 12/13 Feb 2020, at 1~2AM 13Feb, 
i posted a thread of some tweets about my learnings about my panic 
attacks triggered by human-body-workings thinking.

https://twitter.com/mikrfe/status/1227750240842698753

I copypasted most of it below, taking care of thread-forks. See the link 
above for everything — im not gonna delete, but im not feeling like 
boosting everything.

> Not long ago i learned what a panic attack really is. On myself. With 
> a knowledgeable witness to tell me what was that what i had just 
> experienced. Somehow i never would have thought that was it.
( 1:24 AM )

> I had known what triggers me for almost a decade. But i did not know 
> it can be called a panic or anxiety attack. I knew it was kind of a 
> phobia, but also thought that phobia is supposed to be more conscious 
> somehow.
( 1:29 AM )

A friend asked: <q>what does it… feel like?</q> ( 1:38 AM )

> calmness. nauseous. fear of tripping and falling. "gotta handle 
> vomiting". "maybe i should consider getting more oxygen, maybe low 
> temperature will help". "no, too cold, lets go back; also i might fall 
> over that balcony barrier." adrenaline, very good procedural thinking.
( 1:45 AM )

> "hopefully my heart will do fine."
( 1:46 AM )

**[…]**

> also i think i might have forgot to mention very rapid heart rate, 
> swooning, somehow having eyes vision allright but only being able to 
> "see" with mind the thing being focused on, not being able to lift 
> head to look at something and even then only being able to "see" 
> things low
( 2:10 AM )

> when i wanted to sit down on toilet i wanted first to put my phone and 
> miband on mirror shelf, and despite having head leveled with it and 
> having eye-horizon matched with it, i could only look below it and so i 
> was putting those there blindly
( 2:11 AM )

The friend asked: <q>what triggers it?</q> ( 2:09 AM )

> thats dangerous to talk about it but i will try to do quick<br>
> 
> everything about my body that is a support system for my brain or 
> actions (so muscles too). especially blood pressure moving oxygen and 
> stuff. adrenaline injections (dentist: 10~30s panic when i got one in 
> my palate),
( 2:13 AM )

> almost a decade ago i was supposed to have eyes dripped with athropine 
> for measurement
> 
> immediately i started seeing blurry, and then i got to vomiting and 
> fainting. an hour later i was still seeing blurry waiting for another 
> entry. and then i learned it was just physio saltwater
( 2:15 AM )

> gets funny when i ask a friend who knows a lot about human biology to 
> tell me about some specific things, and i urge them to tell me stuff 
> quickly because i feel like a time bomb despite being really curious 
> and interested in exactly that what they are telling me. same with 
> books
( 2:12 AM )

> i literally ask about stuff like, how aspirin inhibits aggregation of 
> trombocites, and urge for a very quick, many-words-per-second answer 
> because of feeling like a time-bomb. or start scrolling a web page or 
> reading book pages feverishly
( 2:25 AM )

> the friend says that it is because i am imagining how my body works 
> and realize that i am a machine, that my mind and everything is 
> supported by this very sophisticated and error-prone machine, and 
> every feeling disrupts it, and every disruption prompts a mind 
> workings disruption
( 2:27 AM )
